Refactor Project Management (#2370)
zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi: WalletWasabi.Documentation/WasabikaCodex.md

## Daily routine

1. Check code review requests. [link](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/pulls) __Reviews / Awaiting review from you__
2. Check [priority issues!](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3Apriority). Take it or set Assignees and Labels if you can.
3. Check your own PR-s and answer if necessary. [link](https://github.com/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+repo%3AzkSNACKs%2FWalletWasabi+) __Click Created__
   - If you need help use __@mention__.
   - If you need review __set Reviewers__.
4. Check assigned issues. [link](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues) __Click Assignee / Select your profile__

> 5. Check mentions. [link](https://github.com/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+archived%3Afalse+repo%3AzkSNACKs%2FWalletWasabi+) __Click Mentioned__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Check mentions. [link](https://github.com/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+repo%3AzkSNACKs%2FWalletWasabi+) __Click Mentioned__
```
`archived:false` can be removed

## Daily routine

1. [Check code review requests](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/pulls). __Reviews / Awaiting review from you__.

> 2. Check [priority issues and PR-s!](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/labels/priority). Take it or set Assignees and Labels if you can.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Check [priority issues and PRs!](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/labels/priority). Take it or set Assignees and Labels if you can.
```

> 2. Check [priority issues!](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3Apriority). Take it or set Assignees and Labels if you can.

Author: Good idea - changed.

> 3. Check your [own PR-s and answer](https://github.com/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+repo%3AzkSNACKs%2FWalletWasabi+) if necessary. __Click Created__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Check your [own PRs and answer](https://github.com/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+repo%3AzkSNACKs%2FWalletWasabi+) if necessary. __Click Created__.
```

   - If you need help use __@mention__.
   - If you need review __set Reviewers__.
4. Check [assigned issues](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues) __Click Assignee / Select your profile__.
5. Check [mentions](https://github.com/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+repo%3AzkSNACKs%2FWalletWasabi+) __Click Mentioned__.

> 6. Check the bell.

Reviewer 2: I think instead of step 1 to 6, we should do this from the GitHub notification tab. Everyone should move to the new notification tab as it's much better.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9156103/72456939-0108c800-379c-11ea-9630-7700e1b7eb89.png)

Author: @yahiheb can you check if you can use the new notifications now?

Author: https://github.com/notifications/beta

Reviewer: No I still can't use it.

> 7. Work on anything you want - assign it to yourself. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Work on anything you want - assign it to yourself.
```

## Weekly routine

- Wednesday: Developer meeting. Use [dev meeting board](https://github.com/orgs/zkSNACKs/projects/1) to manage tasks.

> - Pair programming hour.

Reviewer 2: Pair programming hour? When? Is an hour enough? Is it even effective in a remote setting?

## Monthly routine

> - Go through all Issues and Pull requests and triage them.

Reviewer 2: They wouldn't do this. I think there's no way anyone would do it other than let's say me, you and yahiheb, so I think it shouldn't be in this document as we can see already that it won't work happen :/

Author: I will remove them in favor of now stressing our devs with this.

> - Go through all Issues and Pull requests and triage them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go through all Issues and Pull Requests and triage them.
```

## Roadmap

https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/projects/8

## Code review (CR)

- Read the description of the Pull Request. If it is missing ask for it if necessary.
- Check Continuous Integration (CI) before code review. Only continue if it is passed.

> - Do not review code longer than 60 minutes or more than 400 lines. Take a 10 minute pause at that point.

Reviewer 2: Interesting suggestion. I like it.

- Check for code smells. Give constructive feedback that helps (Not hurts).
  - Easy to read.

>   - Maintainability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Maintainable.
```

- Checkout PR and test it if required.
- Request changes if needed.
- Approve if you are done.

__Tips__: if the PR is too big ask for breakdown.

> __Fact__: code review is the top rated code improvement tool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
__Fact__: code review is one of the few scientifically proven code improvement tool.
```

Reviewer: If Nopara's suggestion is accepted it should be `tools` maybe not `tool`

## Creating Pull Request

- Fill the title.
- Fill the description.
  - If it fixes issues [add keyword](https://help.github.com/en/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords).
  - Add related issues and PR links.
  - Add Sub-Tasks with checkboxes.

> - If the PR is not ready or Work in progress(WIP) create a Draft Pull Request - so nobody will spend time to revire q temporary code, but can see the progress there. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the PR is not ready or Work in progress (WIP) create a Draft Pull Request - so nobody will spend time to review a temporary code, but can see the progress there.
```

- Implement feature.
- Always fix CI.
- Set Reviewers.

> - Merge PR if there are at least 2 code maintainer Approvals (nopara, lontrivero, molnard, dan).

Reviewer 2: We could remove this line, as the maintainers could keep their consensus in their head or even change it without changing this doc, and it's just noise for others in this doc.

## Daily routine

> 1. Start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start.
```

> 1. Start

Reviewer 2: Redundant.

Author: Removed.

2. Check code review requests. [link](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/pulls) __Reviews / Awaiting review from you__

> 2. Check [priority issues!](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3Apriority). Take it or set Assignees and Labels if you can.

Reviewer 2: Incorrect link.
```suggestion
2. Check [priority issues!](https://github.com/issues?q=is%3Aopen+archived%3Afalse+user%3AzkSNACKs+label%3Apriority). Take it or set Assignees and Labels if you can.
```

Reviewer: The proposed link contains PRs also. We can use this one instead.
https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Apriority+

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer: This is not fixed.

> 2. Check [priority issues!](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3Apriority). Take it or set Assignees and Labels if you can.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Check [priority issues!](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Apriority+). Take it or set Assignees and Labels if you can.
```
The proposed link by nopara contains PRs also. We can use this one instead

Author: I prefer to see everything that is priority.

Reviewer: 1- If so then you shouldn't say `Check [priority issues!]`, you should maybe say `Check [priority issues & PRs!]`.
2- The current link displays only PRs.
This is the correct link https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/labels/priority

> 3. Check your own PR-s and answer if neccessary. [link](https://github.com/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+archived%3Afalse+user%3AzkSNACKs+) __Click Created__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Check your own PR-s and answer if necessary. [link](https://github.com/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+archived%3Afalse+user%3AzkSNACKs+) __Click Created__
```

> 3. Check your own PR-s and answer if neccessary. [link](https://github.com/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+archived%3Afalse+user%3AzkSNACKs+) __Click Created__

Reviewer 2: I have 68 here. You suggest me to check all 86 daily?

Reviewer: Since he said PRs I think the link should be https://github.com/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+archived%3Afalse+user%3AzkSNACKs+
Note: You get all the PRs from other zkSNACKs repos.

Author: Good!

   - If you need help use __@mention__.
   - If you need review __set Reviewers__.

> 4. Check assigned issues. [link](https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+archived%3Afalse+user%3AzkSNACKs) __Click Assigned__

Reviewer 2: I have 17 here, many of them are so large that I wouldn't finish in 5 years.

Reviewer: With the suggested change you get only 15. :p

Author: Yes same mistake. Instead of zkSNACKs we have to narrow down the query to WasabiWallet

> 4. Check assigned issues. [link](https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+archived%3Afalse+user%3AzkSNACKs) __Click Assigned__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Check assigned issues. [link](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues) __Click Assignee / Select your profile__
```

Author: Ack!

> 5. Check mentions. [link](https://github.com/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+archived%3Afalse+user%3AzkSNACKs) __Click Mentioned__

Reviewer 2: 54

Author: The newest mentions on the top of the list so if it is familiar you can skip the rest.

> 5. Check mentions. [link](https://github.com/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+archived%3Afalse+user%3AzkSNACKs) __Click Mentioned__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Check mentions. [link](https://github.com/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+archived%3Afalse+repo%3AzkSNACKs%2FWalletWasabi+) __Click Mentioned__
```
Only WalletWasabi repo

> 6. Check new issues.

Reviewer 2: How?

Author: What if we change this to Check the bell?

Author: Outdated.

> 7. Work on anything you want - manage task progress in [Kanban board](https://github.com/molnard/WalletWasabi/projects/1)

Reviewer 2: What does Kanban mean? I am not familiar with the term. Looks like a simple ToDo list for me. If so, then let's not use that term, this scares people.

Author: Outdated.

## Weekly routine

> - Monday: Community meeting [Optional]

Reviewer 2: Dropped.

Author: Ack

- Wednesday: Developer meeting

> - Thursday: Check the bell

Reviewer 2: ? You have to do this daily.

Reviewer 2: Especially you and Lucas, you are now the maintainers.

Author: I moved it to the daily routine.

Author: Outdated.

> - Pair programming hour. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pair programming hour.
```

> - Pair programming hour. 

Reviewer 2: Interesting. Is one hour enough?

Author: It is something like a coding hour request by someone. For example if @yahiheb needs help he can request me to have a coding session where we can work together on a specific problem. Or can review some code together. It is not like creating something new from zero.

## Monthly routine

> - Go through all Issues and Pull requests.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add "and triage them."

Author: Ack.

## Roadmap

> https://github.com/molnard/WalletWasabi/projects/2

Reviewer 2: Strange. Not sure how this'd work. Half the words are even unfamiliar.

## Code review (CR)

> - Read the description of the Pull Request. If it is missing ask for it if neccessary. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Read the description of the Pull Request. If it is missing ask for it if necessary.
```

> - Check Continous Integration (CI) before code review. Only continue if it is passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check Continuous Integration (CI) before code review. Only continue if it is passed.
```

Reviewer 2: Are we sure about this? :/ Although I'm ok with this, but for this we have to make the tests pass without issues.

> - Do not review code longer than 60 minutes or more than 400 lines. Take a 10 minute pause at that point.

Reviewer 2: Should be up to the individual to decide. We're experienced enough.

Author: I meant this guide to everyone in the team or contributors who wanna live like this. After these limits, the concentration falls heavily.

> - Check for code smells. Give constructive feedback that helps (Not hurts).

Reviewer 2: ACK, but the subcategories are completely different than what the main category is.

Author: What do you mean?

  - Easy to read.
  - Maintainability.
- Checkout PR and test it if required.

> - Create Request changes if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Request changes if needed.
```

> - Approve if you are done. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Approve if you are done.
```

__Tips__: if the PR is too big ask for breakdown.

> __Fact__: code review is the top rated code improvement tool. It is the only one scientifically proven methology to impove code quality. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Fact__: code review is the top rated code improvement tool. It is the only one scientifically proven methodology to improve code quality.
```

## Creating Pull Request

> - Fill the title

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fill the title.
```

> - Fill the decription. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fill the description.
```

  - If it fixes issues [add keyword](https://help.github.com/en/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords).

>   - Add related issues and PR links

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add related issues and PR links.
```

>   - Add Sub-Tasks with checkboxes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add Sub-Tasks with checkboxes.
```

> - Implement feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implement feature.
```

> - Always fix CI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Always fix CI.
```

> - Set Reviewers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set Reviewers.
```

> - Merge PR if there are at least 2 code maintainer Approval (nopara, lontrivero, molnard)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Merge PR if there are at least 2 code maintainer Approvals (nopara, lontrivero, molnard).
```

> - If it is UX related always ask Jumar or Dan review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If it is UX related always ask Jumar or Dan to review.
```
maybe it should be UI not UX?

## Daily routine

*if you have https://github.com/notifications/beta use it instead of the links mentioned below.*

> 1. [Check code review requests](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/pulls). __Click Reviews / Select Awaiting review from you__.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. [Check code review requests waiting for you]https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/pulls/review-requested/@me).
```

Reviewer: @lontivero  `(` is missing before `https`

Author: Very good! I could not figure this out! thx

2. Check [priority issues and PRs!](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/labels/priority). Take it or set Assignees and Labels if you can.

> 3. Check your [own PRs and answer](https://github.com/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+repo%3AzkSNACKs%2FWalletWasabi+) if necessary. __Click Created__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Check your [own PRs](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/pulls/@me) and answer if necessary.
```

   - If you need help use __@mention__.
   - If you need review set __Reviewers__.

> 4. Check [assigned issues](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues). __Click Assignee / Select your profile__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Check [assigned issues](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues/assigned/@me).
```

> 5. Check [mentions](https://github.com/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+repo%3AzkSNACKs%2FWalletWasabi+). __Click Mentioned__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Check [mentions](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+mentions%3A%40me+).
```

6. Check the [notifications](https://github.com/notifications).
7. Work on anything you want - assign it to yourself.

## Weekly routine

- Wednesday: Developer meeting. Use [dev meeting board](https://github.com/orgs/zkSNACKs/projects/1) to manage tasks.
- Pair programming hour.

## Monthly routine

- Nothing here yet.

## Yearly routine

> - Working holiday with every colleagues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Working holiday with all colleagues.
```
